hello everyone I'm leandro and in the video of
today we will learn how to extract
songs from a cd and save a mp3 format
our computer
I'm going to insert a music cd in my
computer
the cd is here I'll select the option
for me and check the format that
we are from the music is in the format of
cd to this format a music format
to the audio cd cd if you guys
select these songs to save a
computer will not work
posteriorly
So how will we transform these
songs in mp3 files that will be
available on your computer and
later you can switch to the
33 or recorded on a cd in mp3 format
For this we need a program and
now we will do the research of the
program is called if and search for
and selects the first option of the
website team you will be
redirected to the site bajaki e vai
click this button to perform the
download
download completed I'll put
show the downloads and I 'll execute
this milk program to install there is
very easy is not accurate
some details not to install in
unnecessary things for example
those bars
these two options
We do not want this beach bar.
another option
let's wait
I will leave this option as soon as the
program
you can close this open window and it
found my audio CD that I
I put it in the ac / dc driver for improvement
window that is a cd
I'm going to take a test now unmarked.
all tracks here leave only
a marked track and now we will
convert this song with just one
selected music to perform the test
you're going to stay right and choose and
for selected tracks for mp3
wait until the end of the process
As soon as the process is finished, open the
bare window in the place where the music was
Only he plays on the desktop.
so I 'll select the file from
audio that is in mp3 format
now you can look at the extension
Do not forget to post in the
blog or leave a comment
to the next